In my opinion, accomplishment of "Assembly Line Simulation" project in C++ has been a great experience that allowed me to understand how the real world business processes are designed and implemented. Besides that, it also helped me to deeply understand the utilization rules of the concepts of Object-Oriented Programming.

If to simply talk about what the "Assembly Line Simulator" does, I would like to point out that it is a program that manages the fulfillment of customer orders related to furniture manufacturing.

When it comes to the implementation process of this project, everything becomes interesting. In total, five modules were implemented in order to achieve a desired outcome. The first (most basic) implemented module is "Utilities". Its main purpose is to extract data properly and efficiently from a text file in the constructors of other modules. The second one is called "Station". This unit holds the information about particular station, namely data related to its identifier, name, serial number, quantity and description. The third module named "CustomerOrder" holds data about a customer, specifically their name, product type, list of desired items. However, it implements the functionality to fill the item and check whether full order or particular item in the order is filled or not. The next unit is "Workstation" which is a kind of "Station" class. In simpler term, the "Workstation" is an active "Station". It processes customer orders in the queue and specifies whether they are completed or not. The most interesting thing is that the instances of this class has sequential linkage between themselves, by the help of pointers. This connection mechanism plays its important role in the program, mainly enables the orders to move through the "Assembly Line". "LineManager" is the last implemented unit. This class configures a list of Workstation objects by linking them using the methods from the "Workstation" class, identifying the first active station and a number of customer orders in the queue. Moreover, this module implements the main running engine of the program, which is manages the flow of customer orders through the assembly like by fulfilling them and moving to then next active stations.

Overall, implementation process was a bit challenging, especially for the last two modules which required to spend more time and think broadly than usual. Considerable amount of time was spent for debugging the program. Owe to my professor, the experience and knowledge gained in all OOP courses, patience, and proper time management I was able to successfully finish the project.
